{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Logic in betting decisions\
\
Phase 1:\
Only the hand rankings are used. We implemented two strategies based on what looked plausible for a poker player. We checked for what ranking both the hole cards with or without the shared cards, and implemented a set of rules for what action to take based on the given hand. An example of a rule could be, \'abIf hole cards are pairs and player is loose aggressive, then raise\'bb. \
\
Phase 2:\
The same logic from phase 1 was implemented, but with the pre flop rollout and hand strength calculations taken into account. In the set of rules used in phase 1, we added the strength and equivalent class calculation to strengthen the strategies. So a rule could be \'abIf in post flop and player is loose aggressive and hand strength is over 0.30, then raise\'bb.\
\
Phase 3:\
Built on top of phase 2 again. The same set of rules and both calculations used. In addition to this we used the opponent modelling to strengthen these rules even more. We only implemented a check for what the estimated highest cards on the table were (by hand strength). So a rule can be \'abIf in post flop and player is loose aggressive and hand strength is over 0.40 and highest opponent estimate is 0.30, then raise\'bb\
\
\
The opponent models used\
We logged all parts of actions of a player, if he reached showdown. So }